	Once upon a time, in waters just outside the islands of Micronesia, lived a blue-ringed octopus named Octo. This ambitious cephalapod 
had big dreams of one day being the apex predator of the sea. He roamed the Pacific searching for foes to challenge, aiming to become the 
champion of underwater combat. Using his venom, tentacles, and most importantly his intellect, he bested killer whales, lionfish, groupers,
and sharks of all varieties. His legacy grew until he was crowned Winner of Sea Combat, an esteemed title given to only a true champion such as 
himself, at which point he laughed happily, having completed his life's goal.

	Soon, Octo had become too old to continue his battles any longer. He had already earned the title of being "the" apex predator of the sea;
why continue the fight when he already has all the respect of the world? He grew weary, and was about to succumb to old age. Octo must keep his
legacy alive, he thought to himself. Just then, a small squint came to visit Octo. Its tentacles were nowhere quite as big as Octo's, but its face
emoted a deep amount of respect and a substantial interest in the legend.

Octo began to train to youngling and tought him everything he knew. He told him abbout his many journeys across the sea as well as what he had learned
through his failures. Octo could now die in peace.

Octo's successor made sure that Octo's stories and legacy wasn't left unheard. He told other colonies about Octo's
adventures as he crossed the sea. Creating his own stories along the way.

Octo's successor broke the fourth wall: "This story's original author is infamous for killing off characters in other people's Github stories. But Octo already died peacefully. So does that leave me? Is this gonna end like Final Destination?" At that point, Octo's successor saw a blinding white light in the distance. He saw the light grow and grow as it approached him and consumed everything around him, until finally it touched him, and he disappeared within the light."

The last thing Octo's successor heard was a muffled voice through a PA: "This is General [redacted], reporting a successul hydrogen bomb test on the waters of Bikini Atoll, July 1955."
